I would like an individual offer for: a Windows program (Windows 11), it is supposed to be a kind of warehouse 
management program. I would like to have it created privately to get a better standing at my workplace. 

The input factors should be "article number", "article name" (if you don't know the article number, you have to do a 
full-text search based on the article name), "Production date" (European format "DD.MM.YY", ideally automatically the 
current date but can also be changed manually), "Best before date" ("production date" + 364 days), "Batch number" 
(C "production date" + first number of the article number), Producing employee (ideally as a drop-down field with 
all employees, which can be created, changed and deleted in any way), "Customer number" (for which customer the product

 was produced), "Special feature" (text field, for example shape color or other) Once you have made the above-mentioned
 entries, an inventory should be created, which you can see and edit in another tab (book and print outputs or correct
 incorrect entries). 

Using the database described, I need to be able to display for each employee which employee produced
 how much of each item or item group for a manually defined time. In the background, an inventory should be booked down 
from the raw materials/initial products used. Example: a car is being produced, for which I need the body, 4 tires, windows
, seats and so on. These may need to be freely definable in a separate tab. I need to be able to adjust the inventory
 manually when I buy a product from the supplier. If possible, it should also work for multiple users as I move forward,
 should I be able to establish it. Basically, I would really like programming in Python (but it's just a whoosh, not a must),
 since I started learning this programming language at the same time. There would be enough time until Christmas,
 but at the latest by Friday December 29th, 2023, so that I can work with it from January 1st, 2024.

 Maybe you have already implemented a similar project and can make me a good offer. 
I would be very happy to get feedback at short notice so that if we can't implement it together,
 I still have enough time to find someone who can implement it. Thanks in advance


raw materials -> invenotory

define products

add product -> associated to employee , raw materials will be removed

product will be added to finished product

define customer

deliver product to customer , product will be removed from finished product and added into delivered products


